Direct Auth (#4102)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/implement-grant-type/main/mfaoob/setup-app.md

4. Select **Native Application** as the **Application type**, then click **Next**.
5. Specify the **App integration name**.
6. Enable the **Resource Owner Password** and **MFA OOB** grant types in addition to the defaults.
7. Select **Allow everyone in your organization to access**, then click **Save**.
8. From the **General** tab of your app integration, copy and save the generated **Client ID** value to implement your authorization flow.

## Set up the authentication policy

In direct authentication flows, the client tells the server which authenticator it wants to authenticate with through the grant type. However, the server can't grant a token until the client’s authentication policy is satisfied.

1. Go to your app’s **Sign On** tab, scroll to the bottom, and click **View policy details**.

>     > **Note:** This example creates a new authentication policy for the app for testing purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > **Note:** This example creates a new app authentication policy with a two-factor rule for testing purposes.
```

4. Select **Native Application** as the **Application type**, then click **Next**.
5. Specify the **App integration name**.
6. Enable the **MFA OOB** grant type in addition to the defaults.
7. Select **Allow everyone in your organization to access**, then click **Save**.
8. From the **General** tab of your app integration, copy and save the generated **Client ID** value to implement your authorization flow.

> ## Set up the authentication policy

Reviewer 2: For the 2 MFA grants there is another way to configure the policies, which I think will be more common, although maybe we should lay out both approaches. The approach I think that will be more common is having the Global Session Policy require password and the app sign on policy requiring the additional factor

In direct authentication flows, the client tells the server which authenticator it wants to authenticate with through the grant type. However, the server can't grant a token until the client’s authentication policy is satisfied.

1. Navigate to your app’s **Sign On** tab, scroll to the bottom, and click **View policy details**.
    > **Note:** This example creates a new authentication policy for the app for testing purposes.
1. Click **Actions** on the right of the policy assigned to the app by default.
1. Select **Edit name and description**.
1. Name the policy (for example, **Direct Auth MFA OOB 2FA**), enter a description, and click **Save**.
1. Click **Add a rule**, and then name it (for example, **2 MFA OOB Factor**).
1. On the Authentication Policies page, click **Add a rule**.
1. For **AND User is**, specify your test user.
1. Skip down to **AND User must authenticate with** and select **Password + Another factor**.
1. Click **Save**.

## Update the Global Session Policy

1. Select **Global Session Policy** from the left navigation.
1. Select the pencil icon of the Default Rule.

> 1. in the Edit Rule dialog, select **Any factor used to meet the Authentication Policy requirements** for **Establish the user session with**.

Reviewer 2: nit: capitalize `In`
